Add information about id_reference when a carrier is edited (#983)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/carrier/_index.md

One module can be used to create more than one carrier.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice tip %}}

> When a carrier is edited the id_carrier changed, but the id_reference stay this will be uselfull for your module development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a carrier is edited the id_carrier is changed but the id_reference not. This will be useful for your module development.
```

> When a carrier is edited the id_carrier is changed but the id_reference not. This will be useful for your module development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Watch out! Every time merchant edits carrier, field `id_carrier` has a new value. If you want to create module related to specific carrier, make sure to use its `id_reference` field which is always the same. If for some reason you need the newest id of the carrier, make sure to read "Controlling the change of the carrier's ID" section.
```

what do you think? 🤔

Reviewer: far better, tx

> Watch out! Every time merchant edits carrier, field `id_carrier` has a new value. If you want to create module related to specific carrier, make sure to use its `id_reference` field which is always the same. If for some reason you need the newest id of the carrier, make sure to read "Controlling the change of the carrier's ID" section.

Author: Yes it's it sounds good
